README.md, before:

# dasht.vim

(Neo)Vim plugin for [dasht] integration:
[dasht]: https://github.com/sunaku/dasht

```vim
" Search API docs for word under cursor:
nnoremap <Leader>K :call Dasht(expand('<cword>'))<Return>

" Search API docs for the selected text:
vnoremap <Leader>K y:call Dasht(getreg(0))<Return>
```

Or you can control which APIs to search:

```vim
" Specify additional API docs to search:
" (maps filetype name to docset regexps)
let docsets_by_filetype = {
      \ 'elixir': ['erlang'],
      \ 'cpp': ['boost', '^c$', 'OpenGL', 'OpenCV_C'],
      \ 'html': ['css', 'js', 'bootstrap', 'jquery'],
      \ 'javascript': ['jasmine', 'nodejs', 'grunt', 'gulp', 'jade', 'react'],
      \ 'python': ['(num|sci)py', 'pandas', 'sqlalchemy', 'twisted', 'jinja'],
      \ }

" Search API docs for word under cursor:
nnoremap <Leader>K :call call('Dasht', [expand('<cword>')]
      \ + get(docsets_by_filetype, &filetype, []))<Return>

" Search API docs for the selected text:
vnoremap <Leader>K y:call call('Dasht', [getreg(0)]
      \ + get(docsets_by_filetype, &filetype, []))<Return>
```

Distributed under the same terms as Vim.
>  Copyright 2016 Suraj N. Kurapati
>     <https://github.com/sunaku>

Commit message:

add Dasht command; integrate filetype=>docset dict
* Add "Dasht" and "Dasht!" commands for manual query entry & editing.

* Integrate g:dasht_filetype_docsets dictionary for user convenience.

* Rename DashtExec() function to become autoloaded as dasht#execute().

README.md, after:

# dasht.vim

(Neo)Vim plugin for [dasht] integration:
[dasht]: https://github.com/sunaku/dasht

```vim
" Search API docs for query you type in:
nnoremap <Leader>k :Dasht<Space>

" Search API docs for word under cursor:
nnoremap <silent> <Leader>K :call Dasht(expand('<cword>'))<Return>

" Search API docs for the selected text:
vnoremap <silent> <Leader>K y:<C-U>call Dasht(getreg(0))<Return>
```

You can control which APIs are searched:

```vim
" Specify additional API docs to search:
" (maps filetype name to docset regexps)
let g:dasht_filetype_docsets = {
      \ 'elixir': ['erlang'],
      \ 'cpp': ['boost', '^c$', 'OpenGL', 'OpenCV_C'],
      \ 'html': ['css', 'js', 'bootstrap', 'jquery'],
      \ 'javascript': ['jasmine', 'nodejs', 'grunt', 'gulp', 'jade', 'react'],
      \ 'python': ['(num|sci)py', 'pandas', 'sqlalchemy', 'twisted', 'jinja'],
      \ }
```

Or search all APIs with an override `!`:

```vim
" Search API docs for query you type in:
nnoremap <Leader><Leader>k :Dasht!<Space>

" Search API docs for word under cursor:
nnoremap <silent> <Leader><Leader>K :call Dasht(expand('<cword>'), '!')<Return>

" Search API docs for the selected text:
vnoremap <silent> <Leader><Leader>K y:<C-U>call Dasht(getreg(0), '!')<Return>
```

Distributed under the same terms as Vim.
>  Copyright 2016 Suraj N. Kurapati
>     <https://github.com/sunaku>
